# NeosCoin
Neos is different. How? In every way possible.  Neos isn't meant to be just a wallet, or another token to simply trade for Bitcoin. Neos is canvas on which every shade of every color can splash onto with ease. Our techniques may cause controversy, but we're ok with that.   SHA-256 Mining  Endless integration possibilities  Unique and innovative features  Spend Neos online or invest it  Completely dedicated team  New developments constantly |Live Pool Stats  Are you mining Neos? Enjoy the convenience of monitoring your performance on our pools without having to leave Neos! In-App Trading  The days of needing to navigate to your preferred exchanges to trade are now gone. Execute orders, deposit, and monitor performance directly from Neos. v2 is HERE!  Set to out-do v1 on every possible level, v2 boasts even more functionality, unseen features, and a smoother experience. NEOS SPECIFICATIONS Algorithm: SHA-256  Total coins: 21 Million (after the 21 million cap, a perpetual reward of 0.0625 remains per block to keep the chain moving)  Halving every: 210,000 blocks  Fair launch: Block 2 - 1001 the block reward was 0.1. Block 1002+ normal block reward  Block reward: 50 NEOS  Block time: 5 minutes  Tx fees: 0.00000001  Block confirmations: 120  Transaction confirmations: 6  Difficulty adjustment: per block (Dark Gravity Wave)  Launch date: 8/24/14 5PM EST  Coins offered in ICO: 1,050,000.00 | We are defying boundaries and redefining standards.  Real World Usability  Neos development is moving in a steady and reliable direction towards bridging the gap between merchants and consumers. Live Pool Stats  Are you mining Neos? Enjoy the convenience of monitoring your performance on our pools without having to leave Neos! In-App Trading  The days of needing to navigate to your preferred exchanges to trade are now gone. Execute orders, deposit, and monitor performance directly from Neos. v2 is HERE!  Set to out-do v1 on every possible level, v2 boasts even more functionality, unseen features, and a smoother experience. 
